okay so I'm trying to make a GoPro mount
for my summit I used this plate that
comes with it when you buy your GoPro
comes with this plastic thing on the box
that goes on top of here now then went
on top not not with the aluminum of
course but I used that because it had a
mount on there right now i just have the
buckle there to show you how it is the
hardware I used was see if this will
what's not going to it's not going to
clear up it doesn't look like well I
can't see it this is m six dash 1 point
0 wing nut you can I need four of those
hex bolts it's m6 dash 1 point 0 dash or
by 16 millimeter 60-meter mid sixteen
millimeter long you need for those i got
the seven millimeter washer seven
millimeters is the thickness of the
inside diameter not the outside I got
four of those and I got four seven
millimeter locking washers those are
also inner diameter seven millimeters
and the the ones you see here are the
ones I used for the XL cage see that on
the back one it's a little bit thinner
so what I how to do and if you can see
that but I had to grind the washer on
each side so can make it I guess oval or
square on on on on two sides and it fit
right into the groove that way I get
more surface area to to actually hold
the camera or the plate the aluminum
plate here to support it so it doesn't
break hopefully on the front one it was
okay you don't have to do any grinding
just put the bolt through and in the
washer and what I didn't want to do was
just push the bolts through and then you
know they'd be all loose so what I did
was I forgot what it was it was a 7 32
inch bit that I used for the XO cage
right here that will allow you to be
able to thread this bolt through and
that way you see I'm pushing it down and
it doesn't it doesn't go down that's
because it's threaded in of course when
you're when you're screwing it in don't
don't over tighten it because you'll
strip it and it might go through they
might not but I don't want to find out
yeah once once you drill them through
just screw him in of course with the
washers what I did was I got the plate
and just measured out whereas I hope the
holes would be this play cost me three
dollars at hobby bench the hardware was
about seven dollars so you can make this
for like ten dollars and right here just
look like it's off because I this is
this is luis soto move it'll move back
into line with the holes and then once I
did that I made the holes off of this
one and all before I get to that the
holes I drilled on here aren't the same
I didn't use the same drill bit this is
a quarter inch hole right there that way
they'd slide through and don't don't
give you a hassle trying to put it on
and you basically do the same thing for
the the plate here just the plastic
plate I used a quarter inch on here
because of the boats are bigger so i'll
show you right now which one's which
ones are used and the bottom one was
forgot again
it was it was 516 those five sixteenths
that are used for the for the plate for
the plastic plate I use the quarter inch
and I just put it back there because I
took a picture of of it in that position
call it obviously facing forward and it
looked okay to me and that's that's what
I liked and you can always take this
plate off and use your suction mount I
made I made these holes far enough apart
that you can put the suction mount there
or here or if you wanted to make put a
the sticky pads on there you can do that
to the hardware I used for the for the
plastic plate I got I got four lock nuts
only because they didn't have the wing
nuts i wish i had they would have the
wing nuts this one's a seven millimeter
dash 1 point 0 7 it says i got i got for
those these two of these two are the
same time just is just showing you the
the note here then flat washers sm7 the
seven millimeter inner diameter for
these split washers for these two m7 and
for hex bolts m7 dash 1 point 0 x 20
millimeters 20 million millimeters long
and this is the 20 millimeter bolt and
then you'd put your obviously your
washer and your lock washer and then
your your lock nut and same thing over
here once you have it here go on there
you just put your washer your uh your
lock washer and your wing nut and that's
basically it it cost me about ten
dollars to make you know I've taken a
poly you could prolly get it cheaper
than that I know just depends where
where you go I guess but uh this is just
an idea to give you I guess maybe you
can make a better one than then I did
but this is what what I could think of
on
did you like i was really bored and i
just want to make a amount for my summit
without actually buying or sticking one
onto the plastic and it being all flimsy
and i am going to say that i haven't
tested this so i hope it's not shaky I
hope it's not that I don't see why it
would because you know the XO cage it
mounts right up to the mounts even
though these are kind of loose so i
don't i don't know but i made it it's
not going to screw up anything that the
most you're going to have four holes
that you're going to have their that
they might might not bother you but yeah
thanks for watching and hope this gives
you an idea on how to make one thanks